feat(content): New culture conversation for Solace (#10501)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

			`Watching the microgravity section of the spaceport from one of the bars in Mordente Cylinder, you observe a Bastion in pirate markings coming nearly too fast for safe approach to the station, its hull covered in gashes and burns from what looks to be Plasma Cannon shots.`
			`	As it comes to a stop in a maintenance bay, the spaceport's engineering shuttles appear from all over and begin buzzing around the Bastion, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. Meanwhile, its crew disperse from the ship and immediately begin unloading a multitude of busted-up crates and containers from the hold, probably raided from a civilian transport. It looks like their haul was worth the damage.`
			`	Within the hour the work shuttles scatter from the ship as they finish patching up its battered hull, and the Bastion maneuvers out of the bay almost as haphazardly as it did when it entered.`

mission "Militia returning to Solace"
	source "Solace"
	to offer

> 		random < 1

Author: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```
See #10663.

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Wandering around the main spaceport on Solace, you notice that Delta V is building a private spaceport near their main company offices. It seems that the work has been going on for a long while, but has only just been unveiled, because there is a crowd of interested spectators near the perimeter of the fence.`

Reviewer: This paragraph confuses me. If it's just been unveiled, then why is it still being built?

```suggestion
			`Wandering around the main spaceport on Solace, you notice several rows of shiny new landing pads beside the Delta V company offices. A large banner announces that a you are witnessing the grand opening of Delta V's new private spaceport, and a crowd of interested spectators has gathered near the perimeter of the fence.`
```

> 			`Wandering around the main spaceport on Solace, you notice several rows of shiny new landing pads close by the Delta V company offices. A large banner announces that you are witnessing the grand opening of Delta V's new private spaceport, and a crowd of interested spectators has gathered near the perimeter of the fence.`

Author: I was thinking it wouldn't be right next to the company offices, so that they could maintain some level of cleanliness.

However, I suppose that rockets in ES don't take off with fire...

> 			`Wandering around the main spaceport on Solace, you notice several rows of shiny new landing pads close by the Delta V company offices. A large banner announces that you are witnessing the grand opening of Delta V's new private spaceport, and a crowd of interested spectators has gathered near the perimeter of the fence.`

Reviewer: Either `next to` or `close to` could work here. `close by` doesn't really, because people don't talk or think that way anymore even if it is _technically_ valid grammar.

> 			`Wandering around the main spaceport on Solace, you notice several rows of shiny new landing pads close by the Delta V company offices. A large banner announces that you are witnessing the grand opening of Delta V's new private spaceport, and a crowd of interested spectators has gathered near the perimeter of the fence.`

Author: Well, if Endless Sky rockets use gravity manipulators to launch then there's no harm in having the buildings right next to the spaceport.

> 			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving toward the end rows of landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun, and it was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused a collision.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving toward the new rows of landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye, however, tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun, and it was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused a collision.`
```

> 			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving toward the new rows of landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye, however, tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun, and it was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused a collision.`

Reviewer: "rows of landing pads" works but is a bit pedantic. Maybe just:
```suggestion
			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving toward the new landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye, however, tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun, and it was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused a collision.`
```

Also, the last sentence is a little bit run-ony. It's probably okay, but you might want to break it up somewhere.

> 			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into several smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving toward the new landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who all seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye, however, tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun. It was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused the collision.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Suddenly an Argosy comes streaking out of the sky, almost crashing into several smaller ships in the main spaceport before swerving out of sight behind a hangar in the direction of the new landing pads. There are shouts from the throng of onlookers, who all seem to think this was a stunt. Your more practiced eye, however, tells you that there are bullet marks on the Argosy's hull from a Gatling Gun. It was probably a miscalculation by the pilot's computer that almost caused the collision.`
```

> 			`	Soon afterwards, an announcement is made from a large speaker telling bystanders that nothing bad happened and that they can go home now. After staying for a while from curiosity, the crowd finally disperses. However, you stick around for a time and soon notice the Argosy flying back into view to land in the main spaceport.`

Reviewer: Is the speaker telling bystanders, or is the announcement doing so? Also, "stick around for a time" and "soon notice" seem contradictory to me.
```suggestion
			`	Soon afterwards, an announcement is made from a large speaker, telling bystanders that nothing bad happened and that they can go home now. After staying for a while from curiosity, the crowd finally disperses. However, you stick around and soon notice the Argosy flying back into view to land in the main spaceport.`
```
